"How to respond to patient's needs during emergency situations?"
"What needs to be done in case of emergency?"
"What policy we have for general emergency?"
"what should be done for any kind of emergency?"
"what should be done for any kind of disasters?"
"what steps for safety in case of general emergency?"
"what are the safety procedures for general emergency?"
"what are the typical steps to be followed for disaster emergencies?"
"how to perform evacuation?"
"What are typical steps to be followed in case of emergency arising due to earthquakes?"
"What needs to be done in case of a fire?"
"What is the policy when there is a power outage?"
"What is the policy when there is electricity outage?"
"What should be done if power goes out?"
"How to respond to a bomb threat?"
"How to schedule patient appointments?"
"What all needs to be done when scheduling patient appointment?"
"How to schedule appointments?"
"How to reschedule appointments?"
"What needs to be done in case of No Show?"
"What is the policy for No show?"
"How to setup the answering machine?"
"What are the guidelines when responding to patient emergencies?"
"What are the guidelines for setting up answering system?"
"WHat kind of details should be provided in the answering machine message?"
"How to respond when patient refuses treatment?"
"What needs to be done if patient refuses a particular kind of drug?"
"What kind of counselling to be provided if patient refuses a particular kind of drug?"
"What form needs to be submitted for refusing treatment?"
"What are various consent policies?"
"What are the guidelines for getting patient consent?"
"What is all required in consent form(s)"
"How to get patient consent if the patient is incapacitated?"
"How to receive consent from a monior?"
"What information needs to be provided to patient to get his consent?"
"What data should be given to paitent undergoing assisted reproduction?"
"What should be offered to pregnant patient undergoing blood testing?"
"What to talk to a patient who needs to test for HIV?"
"What kind of testing needs to be undertaken for pregnant women?"
"How should a patient be consuled if blood transfusion might be required?"
"What all needs to be obtained if Hysterectomy is required?"
"What counselling to offer to patients suffering from Prostrate cancer?"
"What consent is required for Sterilization?"
"What forms need to be submitted for obtaining consent for sterlization?"
"What to do before performing immunization?"
"Under what situations is it safe to assume consent from patient?"
"What are the exceptions for obtaining informed consent?"
"How to get consent for minors?"
"What is the policy in place for patient consent during emergencies?"
"What kind of consent is required during emergencies?"
"What kind of policy are in place for security?"
"How can medical records of patients be released?"
"Please provide a sample Confidentiality statement"
"What are policy and procedures in place for Sterilization of instruments and equipments?"
"How should medical equipments be sterilized?"
"How to sterilize medical instruments?"
"How to perform Sterlization using steam?"
"What is the procedure to carry out cold sterlization?"
"What to do in case it is observed that a patient was injured in some act of violence of abuse?"
"What should be done if patient is killed due to violence?"
"How to report injuries / death due to violence?"
"What are general guidelines for reporting physical abuse injuries?"
"How to assess and report domestic violence / abuse?"
"How to confirm if an injury was received due to abuse?"
"What needs to be documented in case the patient was affected due to abuse?"
"What is the penalty for failure to report violence?"
"What training is required to detect domestic violence?"
"What are the guidelines for reporting child abuse?"
"What needs to be done to confirm child neglect?"
"How to report act of child neglect?"
"What procedures are in place to report physical abuse to a child?"
"What are the guidelines to determine and report sexual abuse to minors?"
"What needs to be done if evidence of sexual exploitation is found for a minor?"
"How to diagnose child abuse?"
"What are the typical indicators of child abuse?"
"What kind of imunities are in place for healthcare staff with respect to reporting of child abuse?"
"How to report abuse of the elderly?"
"What are the guidelines if Dependent adults are found to be abused?"
"How to assess acts of elder abuse"
"How to determine sexual abuse of elderly?"
"What observations can be considered as basis for abuse of elderly?"
"What are indicators for sexual abuse?"
"What exactly is Fiduciary Abuse?"
"How to determine Fiduciary abuse?"
"When to consider cases of neglect of a dependent adult?"
"What should be done if someone who is 65 years of age or older is found to be abandoned?"
"How to report cases of isolation of elderly?"
"How should medical rcords be kept?"
"What is the National COmmittee for Quality Assurance standard?"
"What is NSQA used for?"
"What are requirements for storage of medical records?"
"How to retrieve / archive medical records?"
"How confidential is the information of medical records stored?"
"Who can be given access to medical records of a patient?"
"What information from medical records can be provided to medical providers?"
"Who from the medical staff have access to medical records?"
"Wich form needs to be submitted for release of medical records?"
"Which form should be used to transfer medical records?"
"How are test results evaluated?"
"What procedures needs to be followed for assessment, review, storage and review of test results?"
"How should patient be counseled in case of life threatening test results?"
"What guidelines needs to be followed if potential life threatening condition is found fomr test results?"
"How to notify patients for results form medical tests?"
"How to disclose panic level results to patients?"
"What practices needs to be followed for infection control?"
"What precautions need to be taken to prevent spread of any pathogens in the medical faciloty?"
"How to immunize medical staff against threat from infections from patients?"
"What preventions needs to be taken against occupational hazards"
"How are hazardous material to be disposed?"
"How should used and dirty products stored , cleaned or disposed off?"
"What are precautions required against blood-borne pathogens"
"How should you store medications that are required to be stored in controlled temperatures?"
"What equipments should be used by medical staff to protect them from contaminated items?"
"How to protect employees from harmful radiation?"
"How to dispose expired drugs / medicines?"
"How to store drugs?"
"What os the policy with respect to storage of drugs"
"What guidelines are in place for proper maintenance of drugs and medicimes?"
"How to track usage of drugs?"
"Who can administer drugs / medicines to patients that belong to the clinic?"
"How to prepare medications for patient use?"
"How should controlled drugs be stored?"
"What rights do members have?"
"What rights do patients have?"
"What are the responsibilities of patients?"
"What responsibilities do medical practitioners have?"
"What are the responsibilities of the medical provider?"
"What information should be provided by medical provider to patients?"
"What declarations needs to be made by medical practitioners"
"How to maintain fire extinguisher?"
"How to maintain Sprinkler System?"
"How to store and keep fire extinguishers?"
"What practices are needed to prevent fires?"
"What are the fire prevention guidelines?"
"What is the policy for cancellation of appointments"
"What is the policy of storing medical and keeping medical records?"
"What needs to be done if a patient was brought in dead due to some suspicious act of violence?"
